[Music]
hi I'm Liam from BBC good food and
welcome to cocktail hour today I'm gonna
be showing you how to make one of my
favorite cocktails which is a New York
sour and then we're gonna be doing a New
York sour mocktail really love this
cocktail and but it's got a few
different things to it so there's like
some egg white in there as red wine so
just to be sure I'm a bit message I've
put a couple of my tea towels down on my
and beside it just so that it doesn't
make too much of it first thing I need
is some rye or bourbon Mac whiskey and I
want 50 mils of that in my shaker so
this
and I want 25 mils of energies
and two teaspoons of maple syrup
I'm gonna add about a tablespoon of egg
white I've just given it a bit of a
waist with a fork and just to break up a
bit sometimes the egg white can kind of
come together and be difficult to work
with so we've got our rye whiskey lemon
juice bitters maple syrup and some egg
whites in there and I'm going to shake
it now at this point I'm going to shake
it without ice just so I can froth
egg white up a little bit first just
shake it loads and its really foamy so
take a little look so that it looks
really foamy need to add some ice and
then give it another shake it's really
nice and frost it up something there
it's ready
make sure nothing fun there's any left
and the garnish for this is red wine
right
I want 20 mils of a nice of he's going
up those red wine just pour it in really
slowly
how cool this is that you've got all the
layers you've got the whiskey and this
our cocktail there that was beautiful
name what red wine just gonna make it
really like delicious and kind of extra
grown-up and then they're fuzzy down on
top geez
now I'm going to show you how to make
the non-alcoholic equivalent of the New
York sour now of course we're not going
to use whiskey so I'm gonna base it on
tea and I'm using a sound so if any kind
of like nice and multi tea would be
would be really good I want to brew it
quite strong and but quite quickly so
about a teaspoon of my tea leaves go in
and then I'm gonna top it up with a
hundred and fifty mils of just boiled
water give that a stir
I'm doing this McAfee cuff here cos
easier those get there and then pop the
plunger down and strain it into a curb
or heatproof glass and then just let
that cool now that the tea is cooled
I'm gonna add a little bit of vanilla
extract just a few drops and then I'm
gonna start putting it together so I'm
going to use 50 mils or 40 so you've got
some four
25 mils of lemon juice
and this time I'm eating maple syrup
again but I'm going even a bit more and
so that's gonna be three teaspoons just
to balance out any bitterness in see
and now for my egg whites Oh tablespoon
of egg white so my egg white goes in
again I gave it a bit of a mix around
just to make sure it's easier to work
with and then give it a good shake to
froth up that egg before we add the ice
[Music]
it looks really really fluffy now that
ice quick shake just to take it down and
strain it into grass this one I'm going
to use pomegranate juice with a float so
I only want 10 mils and then I'm going
to top it up with water 20
and then pour it over the back of your
bar spin just to make sure it floats
really nicely just the shape is written
[Music]